# todo-list

A simple task tracking app with the ability to create tasks and projects, edit tasks, and assign levels of importance to each task.

### Dev Notes
This project was a labor of love for me. I really focused on creating distinct JS modules for everything (loading DOM elements, task tracking, project tracking, etc.).  A lot of time went in to this, and I'm very happy with the end result (though some modules definitely handle more responsibilities than they should).  However, it has some quirks.  The biggest UX issue a user will quickly notice is that the list of tasks that is currently on the page will not refresh if a new task is created or an existing task is edited. This means if the user edits a task that's on the page, their edits won't show up when they submit the edit.  The edits will only show up the next time the user clicks a task view tab (e.g. tab to view today's tasks).  This could be quite confusing for a user, who might think their task did not actually update.  And this brings me to my biggest regret with this project - not implementing a pub-sub module. This would make it easy to alert the UI module that a task on its page was edited, at which point it would refresh it's page.  But a pub-sub module could fix more than just the UX, it could fix the biggest problem I have with the actual code. I took the time (a lot of time) to create all of these distinct modules, but in the end they all became pretty tightly coupled.  Sure, things are organized a bit better because of the module structure, but the coupling between them will make this code hard to maintain.

I went into this project without too much planning, which makes me proud of what I accomplished with it. But if I had to do it again, I would plan out the modules more carefully, including how they interface with each other.  This is a skill I will continue to hone as I create more projects like this.
